Maria Zogita
Recruiter at EPAM Switzerland
Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland 
Contact info 
Date of birth: 19.08.1976
Maria started at EPAM Systems 2 years and 6 months after you did

About
I am a Recruiter at EPAM Systems, recruiting extraordinary people!
If you are passionate about technology and constant innovation - I am looking for you!

Experience

EPAM Systems
Senior Recruiter

Company Name

EPAM Systems Full-time
Dates Employed Apr 2021 – Present
Employment Duration 4 mos
Location Zurich, Switzerland

EPAM: Engineering the Future
Google
Recruiter, via Randstad

Company Name

Google Contract
Dates Employed Mar 2019 – Mar 2021
Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo
Location Zürich Area, Switzerland
Responsible for the recruitment of Customer Engineers, Field Sales Reps and Professional Services professionals for Google Cloud Platform.

Fixed-term contract.
July 2019 - March 2021 - Recruiter, Randstad - Zurich, Switzerland
March 2019 - June 2019 - Recruiter, Search Wizards - New York, USA …
Twitter
Senior Recruiter (Fixed-term Contract)

Company Name

Twitter Contract
Dates Employed Aug 2018 – Mar 2019
Employment Duration 8 mos
Location Greater New York City Area
Responsible for the full life-cycle recruitment in Sales Organization.
• Partnering closely with Hiring Managers to attract the top talent to help Twitter grow.
• Providing advice on recruitment strategies, meeting with clients on a regular basis and
developing consultative relationships with them.
• Working closely with compensation advisors and HRBPs to make sure we match the right
candidates with the right opportunities and the suitable compensation package.
• Leading candidates through the recruitment process and ensure their first experience
with Twitter is enjoyable and comfortable.

Contract via PRO Unlimited. …
ABB
IS Talent Acquisition Partner

Company Name

ABB Full-time
Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Mar 2018
Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos
Location Cracow, Lesser Poland District, Poland
As an IT Recruiter, I was responsible for identifying perfect candidates for niche roles across our hubs (Poland, Mexico, China, India) and leading staffing efforts for InfoSec project.
My responsibilities included utilizing advanced search techniques to source for top candidates using Boolean search, internal database, referrals, networking, events and external websites and leading candidates through the whole process (full cycle recruitment management, including F2F interviews and offer negotiation - I acted as a mediator between Hiring Managers and candidates).
I worked closely with Hiring Managers and various stakeholders on daily basis to build and maintain long-lasting, successful relationships. …
Ericsson on behalf of Pontoon Solutions
Resourcer

Company Name

Ericsson on behalf of Pontoon Solutions Full-time
Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Sep 2016
Employment Duration 9 mos
Location Cracow, Lesser Poland District, Poland
Resourcer for Western & Central Europe at Ericsson - the world’s leading provider of technology and services to telecom operators, recruiting Networking professionals, Project Managers, Software Developers.

Additionally, I was taking part in many initiatives such as onboarding program for new joiners, preparing and conducting training sessions and mentoring them during their first months.
I was also actively leading trainings in Avature and being point of contact for colleagues. …

Education

Uniwersytet Ekonomiczny w Krakowie

Degree Name Master's degree

Field Of Study International Economics
University of Lodz
University of Lodz

Degree Name Bachelor's degree

Field Of Study Logistics

Activities and Societies: Studenckie Radio ŻAK Politechniki Łódzkiej
University of Tampere

Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.)

Field Of Study Business, Management, Marketing and Related Support Services

